Fix encoding of query params (#621)
rswag/rswag: README.md

Also note that the examples generated with __run_test!__ are tagged with the `:rswag` so they can easily be filtered. E.g. `rspec --tag rswag`

### date-time in query parameters

> Input that is being sent in querys of rspec tests is html safe. That includes date-time strings. It was solved in this [`pr`](https://github.com/rswag/rswag/pull/621). Here is an example test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input sent in queries of Rspec tests is HTML safe, including date-time strings.
```
